One last quick test inside of our current user test file.
So I want to make sure that if we are not signed in, we get back a current user of NULL.
So this will be really easy to put together.
We'll put together another block down here and we'll say it responds with NULL if not authenticated.
Then we'll get our response from a wait request app.
I'm going to make a get request to API users current user.
And then of course this time I'm not going to try to set any cookie because we want to make an unauthenticated
request.
I'm going to send that off.
Even though I am not authenticated, I should still get back a 200.
Let's make sure that's still the case.
Then we could take a look at that response body and make sure that current user is no.
So you could put down expect response dot body.
Current user two.
Equal.
NULL.
So I'm going to save that.
Take a look at our tests.
Very good.
All right.
Well, that is pretty much it for testing on our service.
We've got some tests around all these handlers.
Now, remember, there are two other types of tests we're going to eventually write as well.
We're going to eventually start to write tests around our models and around some event handling stuff
as well.
But our model in this case, the user model, doesn't really have a lot of logic tied to it compared
to some other models we're going to eventually put together.
So I'm not going to worry about writing any tests around the user model just yet.
In addition, we have not wired up any event stuff to our service just yet, so we're not going to worry
about that either.
Let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.